# Codey Jump Game Jam Reflections
This page consists of each of our reflections working on this project.

### Erica
Throughout the creation of this project, I developed my understanding of Phaser and JavaScript by using Codecademy as the base of my knowledge. As me and my groupmates approached the end of the Codecademy course, we wanted to edit one of the games we had made earlier using the code provided to us, to create a "spin-off" of the game "Codey Jump." Experimenting with gravity, physics and bounce, we decided to change the properties of the platforms that Codey jumps on during the game to move, and then balance the rest of the game to make it actually function. Of course, with our time limit, we weren't able to complete the game, but we did make a prototype. Overall, this project allowed me to learn more about changing and developing a game and was a lot of fun to work on as well. Changing physics and gravity, as well as the motions of platforms all play their role in our game, and I'll be able to use the skills I learned in this project to work towards another game like this one.

### Eric
This project has helped me further my understanding of Phaser. Due to time constraints, we were unable to fully create a game from scratch. Instead, we opted to create a modified version of the Phaser course’s Codey Jump. Here we modified topics that we learned throughout the course such as adjusting bouncing and gravity values, and fiddling with the collider between objects. From here, I think I would try to polish the interactions between each object more. Instead of moving platforms as Codey Jump defaulted to, I would like to completely reset all their properties such as velocity, or at least, keep the velocity constant. In conclusion, this project served to enhance my learning of Phaser by allowing me to apply the concepts that I learned over the course into the game.
